Bachelor of Music: Ithaca College, NY

Phiroze Mehta

Master of Music: University of Albuquerque, NM

Falko Steinbach

Doctor of Musical Arts: 

Conservatory of Music, University of Missouri-Kansas City, MO

Jane Solose

 

Dr. Celeste Chiam is an enthusiastic coach, educator and a heart-centered performing artist whose passion for creativity spans music, dance, early education, student development, acting, podcasting, content creation and humanistic endeavors.

 

A Malaysian-born Chinese, Celeste began her musical journey at age four, following the curriculum of the Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music. She earned her Licentiate Performer Diploma through Trinity London College by the end of secondary school. Upon receiving a full scholarship, Celeste came to the United States for her tertiary education and has resided here since. She attributes her freedom for individualistic expressiveness to the mentorship of Dr. Jane Solose, her technical mastery to Falko Steinbach, and her ability to deliver heart-moving performances to the inspiration and sincere care of Phiroze Mehta. Celeste is grateful for the extensive pedagogical training under the guidance of Dr. Deborah Martin, founder of the Teaching Intern Program at Ithaca College, and Dr. Diane Helfers Petrella.

 

Celeste has been a featured pianist as winning soloist in competitions, performing with orchestras, and was the recipient of numerous scholarships and grants. With training also in violin and voice, she has played in orchestras as a violinist, conducted small choruses, and performed as a singer-dancer guest artist at a local musical theater company. Dancing is as much of a cherished passion in Celeste’s life, and while her primary discipline was in ballet, she delighted in exploring modern, jazz, selected ballroom dances and in recent years, the Argentine tango. Notably complementary to music, Celeste’s dance background adorns her with gracefulness, adding to her being a versatile performing artist and a well-rounded instructor. 

 

Motivated by innovations, Celeste is broadening her offerings and platform to podcasting, acting, content creating and directing creative-rejuvenation retreats. She is thrilled about the expansion of her services in the exhilarating field of creative expressions!